= Goal

* A photography website similar to bfa.com, having photographs available for purchase as well as other informational (static) pages.

= TODO List

0. (1.5hr) Please make the same change you did to the events page to the home page.
1. When a photo has names which are missing, visitors should be able to click a "Whats my Name" link under a photo to provide the Admin the missing name - like http://www.patrickmcmullan.com/whoami/index.aspx
   * Would Admin be able to edit the name right there and have the system auto-update the corresponding photo?
   * QUESTION: Does Admin still need an email notification?
2. (1hr) Admin should be able to change the Price for all photos in each event
   * Quote is for a simple batch update, not an override; the pricing would still be per-image, but all images in an event would get set to the same price. An actual event-level override of the pricing would take more time.
3. Assistant Photographers, Editors, Staff, etc. should only be able to:
   *  Access the Events Tab (not Orders, Users, Settings)
   *  Add or Delete an Event.
   *  View and Edit the last 3-5 Events.
   *  (1hr) for this section
   1. Admin can overwrite everything that the Assistant Photographers, Editors, Staff, do on the Website. (Unlock Passwords, adjust prices back to Default, etc.)
      * (0.5hr) for this section
      * Optional: when admin overwrites something, optionally allow the Admin to lock it so others can't change it back.
        * (3hr) for this optional part
4. (0.5hr) The Logo on the Upper Left Corner has to be replaced (attached), or add this text manually "David Heischrek Photo Agency" below DHPA.com in the font: Dosis, medium, sharp.
   * Files in doc/design
5. (0.75hr) Add the Name to the Events that are rotating on the Top Feature Slide (same as BFA.com). Then take out the Welcome to DHPA.com.
6. (4hr) Re-add physical print options to checkout: selecting Sizes, Paper, and custom/default pricing of Prints, etc. Size options: 5x7, 8x10, 11x14, 16x20. Paper options: Luster & Deep Matte.
   * QUESTION: Do size and paper both affect pricing? Please provide the pricing matrix.
8. Add a Blog page (if html is provided)
   * Question: Unless you have a ~$2500 creation and ~$1000/year maintenance budget, I suggest hiring someone to create a custom Wordpress or Squarespace or Wix theme and simply linking back and forth between that site (i.e. blog.dhpa.com) and your main site. A blog engine is a totally different piece of software and a nearly-infinite amount of work.
9. (2hr) After 1-5 minutes of visiting the website, a Pop-Up Box should appear asking visitors for their Email address
10. (0.5hr) Fix the Favicon. The way it looks now nobody can read what is says. Take out the .com in DHPA, and just put DHPA. And if DHPA is still not readable, then just make the Favicon a Photo Camera as a Logo (white camera, black background), or something that fits the look of my Website.
11. (0.75hr) When searching for photos (for example a person's Name), and the photos that are then found pop up, the Horizontal photos display the correct way, but the Vertical photos don't, and the heads are usually cut off.

* CDN for faster image serving
* Waiting on client
  1. Images to add to About page
  7. (1hr) Add Text about myself on the About page. In the middle, between the 4 photos (Studio, Video, Weddings, Social Media), and Have an Upcoming Event?
* Out of scope
  1. people / clients can pay with their credit card AND paypal accounts.

= Scope/Specs

* Frontend shall match provided HTML/CSS/JS files as closely as possible
  * Home
    * "Latest Events" needs a "View More" button & page
    * Slideshow at top of homepage should have multiple images (selectable, like featured content)
    * *TODO* There's no photos/events/refine control on the home search form
    * Need social URLs for links
    * Featured content area
  * About
  * Book Now (contact form)
  * Search
    * Partial exact match based on image tags and fields
    * No autocomplete, autocorrect, or partial match of queries needed
  * Inside Album
    * *TODO* People/Event/Location/Date/Photographer filtering/sorting doesn't work
  * Picture Detail
    *  Adjust display of picture detail to match the design from "04 Open Images" -- shouldn't be a popup. Note: no need for S/M/L/XL sizes, just put the image size information underneath the explanatory text (Copyright, Date, Image Size)
    * There should be no nationality options from the detail page -- make those properties blank across the GUI as well (i.e. during checkout)
    * There should be a commercial vs personal license option.
    * *TODO* When a photo has names which are missing, visitors should be able to click a "Whats my Name" link under a photo to email the client the missing name - like http://www.patrickmcmullan.com/whoami/index.aspx
  * Shopping Cart
  * Checkout
    * Global pricing
    * No shipping prices necessary
    * Stripe should work and have correct pricing
    * Before checkout there will be a popup disclaimer (client's attorney is working on it)
  * Admin Dashboard
  * Registered User Dashboard
  * Wishlist (lightbox)
    * For registered users only
  * Register/Log in
* Admin:
  * Ability to create albums (events)
  * Ability to mark albums as public or private
    * Only accessible via a password (unique password per event)
  * Able to bulk-upload hundreds of images at once (thousands per week)
    * Image uploads are stored in AWS S3.
  * Thumbnails and watermarks are automatically generated upon upload
    * Watermark is similar to BFA.com: a semitransparent gray square with image ID and the website name overlaid over about a quarter of the image.
    * There are two "full resolution" sizes, one largest and more-expensive "commercial" size, and a smaller cheaper "personal use" size. (Four total image types: original full-res (commercial use); smaller res (personal use); watermark; thumbnail)
      * Pricing for commercial and personal sizes is editable in admin settings, as well as the personal image size.
      * Customer can purchase either commercial or personal use sizes and receive only that size on checkout.
    * No watermark is applied to full-resolution images or thumbnail
  * Tags from EXIF should be automatically parsed and saved in the database for each image:
    * People
    * Copyright
  * Admin should be able to edit these "EXIF" tags manually as well, however editing will be on a per-image or per-event basis. No batch-image-editing of tags will be programmed into the website at this time.
  * Other tags should be auto-generated:
    * Image ID (plain database ID, starting at 1)
  * "Other Keywords" should be available at the event and image level.
  * Search should make use of all event and image tags.
  * Admin can edit the commercial/personal default prices for images in one place, and also override the default commercial/personal pricing on a per-image basis.
* Unregistered User:
  * Ability to view all public albums
  * Ability to freely search for public images
  * Doesn't have the ability to view purchases after the current session expires
* Registered User:
  * Purchased images are viewable afterwards
  * Ability to create a “wish list” of images
* Photographers:
  * *TODO*: Assistant Photographers, Editors, Staff, etc. should only be able to:
    * Access the Events Tab (not Orders, Users, Settings)
    * Add or Delete an Event.
    * See the last 3-5 Events.
* All users:
  * Only able to view private albums via password
  * Able to send an email via the Contact Us form
    * Email sent to an address the client specifies (hardcoded, not editable)
  * Able to purchase and download digital full-resolution copies of images
  * *TODO* Able to purchase physical prints [see original code]: selecting Sizes, Paper, and custom/default pricing of Prints, etc. Size options: 5x7, 8x10, 11x14, 16x20. Paper options: Luster & Deep Matte.
  * Not able to view or download full-resolution images unless they have purchased them
    * Image URLs cannot be guessed: each file has a random ID.
    * Will NOT be able to “right click > save” any unpurchased photos
    * Will NOT be able to “drag and drop” any unpurchased photos
* No CMS feature will be programmed at this time -- text and style changes will require a Rails programmer.
